Use this page to define the general logging settings for this server.

Restart may be required. Log file name:	
logs/FXS_SERVER1.log
The name of the file that stores current log messages. Usually it is a computed value based on the name of the parent of this MBean. For example, for a server log, it isSERVER_NAME.log.More Info...

Rotation
Restart may be required. Rotation type:	

By Size
Criteria for moving old log messages to a separate file.More Info...

Rotation file size:	
5000
The size (1 - 2097150 kilobytes) that triggers the server to move log messages to a separate file. The default is 500 kilobytes. After the log file reaches the specified minimum size, the next time the server checks the file size, it will rename the current log file as SERVER_NAME.lognnnnn and create a new one to store subsequent messages. (Requires that you specify a file rotation type of Size.)More Info...

Begin rotation time:	
00:00
Determines the start time (hour and minute) for a time-based rotation sequence.More Info...

Rotation interval:	
24
The interval (in hours) at which the server saves old log messages to another file. (Requires that you specify a file rotation type of TIME.)More Info...

Limit number of retained files	
Indicates whether to limit the number of log files that this server instance creates to store old messages. (Requires that you specify a file rotation type of SIZE orTIME.)More Info...

Files to retain:	
100
The maximum number of log files that the server creates when it rotates the log. This number does not include the file that the server uses to store current messages. (Requires that you enable Number of Files Limited.)More Info...

Restart may be required. Log file rotation directory:	
The directory where the rotated log files will be stored. By default the rotated files are stored in the same directory where the log file is stored.More Info...

Restart may be required. Rotate log file on startup	
Specifies whether a server rotates its log file during its startup cycle. The default value in production mode is false.More Info...

Open  Advanced
Date Format Pattern:	
MMM d, yyyy h:mm:ss,SSS a z
The date format pattern used for rendering dates in the log. The DateFormatPattern string conforms to the specification of thejava.text.SimpleDateFormat class.More Info...

Minimum severity to log:	

Info
The minimum severity of log messages going to all log destinations.More Info...

Restart may be required. Logger severity properties:
EJB=Warning
Security=Error


The configuration of the different logger severities keyed by name. The values are one of the predefined Severity strings namely Emergency, Alert, Critical, Error, Warning, Notice, Info, Debug, Trace.More Info...

Platform Logger Levels:
Specifies the platform logger and the associated level names set through the WebLogic Server configuration.More Info...

Restart may be required. Redirect stdout logging enabled	
Specifies whether the stdout of the JVM in which a WebLogic Server instance runs is redirected to the WebLogic logging system. When this attribute is enabled, the stdout content is published to all the registered log destinations, such as the server terminal console and log file.More Info...

Restart may be required. Redirect stderr logging enabled	
Specifies whether the stderr of the JVM in which a WebLogic Server instance runs is redirected to the WebLogic Logging system. When this attribute is enabled, the stderr content is published to all the registered log destinations, such as the server terminal console and log file.More Info...

Log monitoring enabled	
Enable or disable log monitoring.More Info...

Log monitoring interval seconds:	
30
Timer interval in seconds to check the counts of messages logged during the interval.More Info...

Log monitoring throttle threshold:	
1500
The threshold number of messages logged during the evaluation period which enables or disables the throttling.More Info...

Log monitoring throttle message length:	
50
Cut-off length of the log message for evaluation during throttle period. The log message length is truncated to this length for evaluation of repeated logging events.More Info...

Log monitoring maximum throttle message signature count:	
1000
Maximum number of unique message signatures that will be monitored during the throttle interval.More Info...

Message destination(s)
Log file :
Severity level:	

Trace
The minimum severity of log messages going to the server log file. By default all messages go to the log file.More Info...

Filter:	

None
The filter configuration for the server log file.More Info...

Log File Buffer:	
8
Gets the underlying log buffer size in kilobytesMore Info...

Standard out :
Severity level:	

Notice
The minimum severity of log messages going to the standard out. Messages with a lower severity than the specified value will not be published to standard out.More Info...

Filter:	

None
The filter configuration for log events being sent to the standard out.More Info...

Domain log broadcaster :
Severity level:	

Notice
The minimum severity of log messages going to the domain log from this server's log broadcaster. Messages with a lower severity than the specified value will not be published to the domain log.More Info...

Filter:	

None
The filter configuration for log events being sent to the domain log.More Info...

Buffer Size:	
10
Broadcasts log messages to the domain log in batch mode.More Info...

Stack Traces to stdout	
Specifies whether to dump stack traces to the console when included in logged message.More Info...

stdout Stack Trace Depth:	
5
Determines the no of stacktrace frames to display on standard out. All frames are displayed in the log file. * -1 means all frames are displayed.More Info...

Restart may be required. stdout Format:	
standard
The output format to use when logging to the console.More Info...

Trigger Depth:	
500
Returns the depth of stack frame that will trigger the truncation of stack frame for the remaining cascaded causes.More Info...

Depth After Trigger:	
5
